with club friends, well, judo and
I'm going to show you how to install what
they are a good textures pack I already have
a video in this on my channel a lot jazz
where to know about how to install them but
Well, many questions came up
many problems if you can and I'm going to
try to fix all that here or
clarify your doubts more than anything so
Well, good to start, let's go
this application called pocket or
totally free on the beach I'm there
the download and then we're going to enter a
texture pack this where they are downloaded
good from the internet can look in
Internet
or good on my channel and right now I'm going to
start going up from now
also this video so they can search
if I already have some packages and
download now as good when
download they have to save it in a
special folder that is the folder of
download is in that folder I do not know if
is that every device is
modified differently good in
my phone the folders keep them
automatically on the external one but
I have seen that the majority is memory
internal, so it depends on you
which will keep your other files of
download automatically as you see in the
mine then in the external memory so
well here is all the folders and if
you keep them in memory
internally there they keep the map but in
the download folder is in the folder
that automatically all downloads
there they go if they have not modified it well
said this because I think he took some
doubt also good first thing to do
is to have the texture post and have
this application now how the install is installed
texture pack has to come in point
yes and within that zip point must of
come a folder and then well no no
unzip or nothing alone
let's make the file like that and we're going here
one says being in the content and then
in textures from there we're going to look for the
texture pack that we want to install in
this case I'm going to install the docu
kraft is this that is here as you see
this zip point is not uncompressed and
nothing so they have to install let's go
hold down what is the pack of
texture and then we have it installed
Then he tells us that he is meat
that is installed and now we have
to go back and then give it in everything
the kit
the skin sectors and we will flip the
screen and then we'll have to look for the
texture pack that we just installed
that is this we would only have pressed
we will keep pressed that we just
install the one we want to install and you
we give in use texture
the first part we did install
the skin was for the texture was for
install it in the application the step that
just done is to install it in
the game once already having it installed
we will give menu and pichincha now
this will cause us as in the change
of the skin uninstall minecraft and
reinstall it is this is a step
we automatically have to do it to
forces that's the first point of
second does not erase maps does not erase you
nothing if you erase something is because then you
you moved something more and if I have a
wrong step or things like that or if there is nothing
of that is because all devices
android is with different room
different
Android is modified in a way
different so then the apps
they do not work the same way in all
the phones do not worry if you want
you can do one with a backup to your
the game folder that is where they come from
the maps of minecraft and so you do not lose
your maps in case something happens
if you mike the then you work, I did not open
all that
all they have to do is then
more than anything uninstall it completely
test install in pure minecraft
application and just reinstall it
if they have it paid and you can not
reinstall then they can look for one
free of the same chingadera and good
as far as I know has not even
affected none only one told me
but he never told me why or why
what happened to him so he can not help
so it's good enough to talk hello
we will have to stay latina pete chains
and we will have to wait as it says and here
let's wait 30 to 60 seconds to
to load the texture pack in what
start doing all your movements
right now it's going to look like a screen
uninstall minecraft and we're going to
give to accept so we wait
and what I expected
in fear of taking a little longer because
I'm recording and that's how it does
a little slow these processes but good
As you can see short video no nothing all
perfectly not for anything else
if something went wrong, why not even
I would do as you see now says you want
uninstall this application we give to
accept automatically desist
Minecraft
no maps are lost or nothing is returned
to repeat
after this he will tell us again
install the healthy ones you want to go back to
install this is to install it already
with the texture we give to install
good we hope
and once finished we have finished
we left the application and the only thing
we need to do is check that it has
installed everything alright so we opened the
Minecraft
but we also open the minecraft
and as they see and change until the
menu and in return also texture not what
we look for what is a map
and as you see
then in return the whole texture pack
so I hope you liked it
friends is a is an easy procedure and
simple
then they got used to him so
I hope you liked it so we
we see until next time I hope they do not have
no problem with this bye